The next one is again about the patience, and the patience one is to help the patient to get upset.
To get angry. The number one tool to make proper upset or myself upset is the language that we use.
And power can read our mind, or your mind, or the other's mind.
Power can hear your words. Power can see you, or see us, and can hear us.
And then this language is so powerful. External things may be, of course, powerful, but this
language and speech is so powerful.
It goes deep down, deep down. In the teaching you say that this language, the speech, the world
goes deeper than the bone in the body.
In the bone of our flesh, or the bone, it really goes there. It goes deep down the heart.
Every kind of heart-speech, every time you make that speech, it almost purses the individual's
heart. Heart, it gets up, so goes deep, and then get angry.
Then get angry to differentiate, to protect that. Because that feeling that is so strong, then
immediately we react, react, and then get angry.
The reaction is anger. The reaction is anger. So therefore, we have to be always thoughtful of our
speech when we speak.
Speak is powerful for that reason in the Buddha teaching. Among the eight novel parts, one of the
novel parts is not perfect speech.
Speech is so important. Speech is calming, peaceful, respectful, and appreciate. If you use that
word, it makes people happy.
And you also make happy. When people are happy, you feel happy to do it. It's not something that
you make only others happy, and yourself instead.
You make happy others, and you make that happy to you. Whatever we do, it reflects back into it as
a matter of emptiness, that is.
Therefore, speech is so important. Soap-speaking, nice-speaking, respect and appreciation, kind and
compassion-speech, and then, after all, this is practice.
This is dharma. That is dharma. Dharma is not something that you have to do strange, different
things.
Dharma, we mingle with our activities. Our activities of the physical, our activities of the world,
speech, verbal, our way of thinking, that is dharma.
Dharma, that means we make it so beautiful, ourself. Beautiful in, beautiful out, beautiful,
beautiful. Beautiful. It's so beautiful. That is dharma.
And that means also we are accumulating a lot of merit, good energies, accumulation of merit,
beautiful things, really beautiful things, and helping to others, and then we are practicing both
each other.
And that is the morality. This is what we discussed before. It's morality, keeping respect and help
, and so to speak, and also, oh, it's good, moral. Good, humble. Good, moral. It's so good.
And with that understanding, here, Buddha said, "Pobha can say it in three different ways." Again,
Buddha said, "Buddha said there is three different ways to our speech."
First is honey-like speech. Second is flower-like speech. And third is the dirty-like speech, or
dirty speech, dirty speech.
Among that, among these three things, we should always try to speak as honey-like. Even here Buddha
said, not mentioned in the flower-like, flower-like, good to you, but always try to speak honey-
like speech.
And that, when we speak that, what does that mean? It always comes down to be beautiful in heart,
just the same in heart, not with heart. Heart becomes so mellow, mellow.
And then, also, this is true. It is true. And then, this is so, therefore, dirty-like, like this,
again, I think, identical to the beginning of this.
So, Buddha said, "There is three speeches." One comes, sings to the heart, and that is true. And
then, wearing the strings from the throat.
These three are, as examples of the honey, flowers, and the dirty, or the, yeah, like garbage, the
smelly garbage. These three, among that three, try to always speak with the honey-like.
Honey-like speeches. And among that, he again, one says, trying to give up the third one, third
speech. That is dirty-like.
So, the flow-like is fine. Honey-like is the best, but the flow-like is fine, but give up the dirty
-like, good-like speech.
So, that is the really about this world's teachings, where we speak. That is, because speech is so
important, it becomes the cause of anger.
Speech becomes the cause of anger, therefore, and then it is good to remove that, so that our
patients continually remain strong and beautiful, not disturbing anyone's state.
So, that is this statement, or these teachings.